[Docs] Add instructions for creating an ES|QL chart without data views (#906)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/visualize/esorql.md

4. You can bind controls to your ES|QL visualizations in dashboards by creating [ES|QL controls](../dashboards/add-controls.md#add-esql-control).
5. Select **Apply and close** to save the visualization to the dashboard.

::::{tip}

> You can create an ES|QL visualization from dashboards even if you haven't specified a data view and have no existing dashboards. Just go to **Dashboards** and click **Try ES|QL**. A new dashboard is created with an ES|QL chart that you can interact with and configure like any other visualization.

Reviewer: I don't think this fits well here at the end of this section. This section explains how to add an ES|QL visualization from a dashboard, while this tip describes the "empty state" experience for when there's no dashboard yet in the Dashboards menu.

What we could do instead to avoid big changes, is to move this tip to under the first step, and say something like:

```suggestion
If you don't have a dashboard yet, the **Dashboards** page offers you the possibility to **Try ES|QL** right away. By selecting this option, a dashboard is created and populated with an ES|QL visualization that you can interact with and configure using ES|QL.
```

Reviewer 2: @florent-leborgne it is not exactly the empty experience if you dont have a dashboard. It is if you dont have a dashboard AND a dataview. So I think is important to mention the dataview here. This is the advantage of ESQL actually. You dont need dataviews

Reviewer: Right, I wasn't sure if not having a data view was also a prerequisite to show this UX. I edited my suggestion

Author: That makes sense, thanks for the suggestion! I've moved the tip below the first step and tweaked the wording a bit.

Reviewer 2: Thanx both!
